## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-pGqTJHE/m20W4oDrfxTVzOutpMhjK3uP/0lReY0Jq/KInpuJSXUnk4WAYbciCLqT"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-Mtb4EH3R9NMDME1sPQALOYR8KGqwrXAtmc6XGxDd0XaXB23irPKsuET0JjZt5utI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-no5/zgQGupzPFGWV8VpJzfQau5/GI2v5b7I45l6nKc8gMOxzBHfgyxNdjQEnmW94 /es/languages/bash.js
sha384-u2nRnIxVxHkjnpxFScw/XgxNVuLz4dXXiT56xbp+Kk2b8AuStNgggHNpM9HO569A /es/languages/bash.min.js
sha384-qimhSkVWof5rfaFajQk8KAtzSRYyIArcJCMKWdDcNq34F4uplk08wmEyUiYLmO+3 /es/languages/c.js
sha384-5fESKgrRcGs7I/89bn7NKFcHyvIVcmQIG4JfCEAV5Rg5VVtskrmGkHVOIsD1642v /es/languages/c.min.js
sha384-eM9Op3b0ilZ/iW7jeVAMo//MKcEXHCbg1Vf8SMrqds5LIOeF9+3qaX//TsnbItae /es/languages/cpp.js
sha384-+tDHTmLKfBxXgVksRhLEJM4z9PfcGQ2XsrZMDcdJ1SIlPZrtAR4+m4XUX+zJf5nf /es/languages/cpp.min.js
sha384-lU6If27eTyL2Yr+WS3ErF0/raeRKUheLuCM44IUaUshDCTvTeQijobPXY4wgkDGb /es/languages/csharp.js
sha384-k4z6XdU7qI35NxUF8SGumv5kMerrVg/xoat0iSaWnu/dHKoNZKdxZN3gI2WYgMfe /es/languages/csharp.min.js
sha384-Dsw3BhI8P3JC071/PDYuyCNVeWHyZY9q9mk7H5gUOHXaVxgKO4lhtfSuGOiLOxkR /es/languages/fortran.js
sha384-UkVn2T3qZDBm9TduPrIPBBINJQyzIVSJMGa2DRpLOc2zp6QZ3wA/6zUw190hnX9T /es/languages/fortran.min.js
sha384-U0cmcZmeG0JVcA3HKR6r7Sio0x8FtcXR7eviBCcgniMwCc+DMiV6IQPm7bFn6BPh /es/languages/go.js
sha384-5Mzx2XTmXU2XQ0AiQg/4HA9SbBDrPySZgpsOfSfflGdzC4bIpCjWSxIP62fOIFkO /es/languages/go.min.js
sha384-rWXTmRoOwQzy75lNF9TBi7PvwMhKAK+S3iBleDD49aUH8XYtmK8aPZocifjskYny /es/languages/haskell.js
sha384-TaV6bIvb0PAdNigZuAtH9T5CUU7BCEJxOLBsVOeAb4O412gzt++0xyZtxbpQTwcw /es/languages/haskell.min.js
sha384-ZCfS+s/zxY7O2bm2KoVJo1wUrLEpJDHZAi/LJAdJF5XjnfSWICkg6wHd2SEJGpyR /es/languages/java.js
sha384-716dHwZ7zbZcnEwTe7DLxlm5tH3Iyl8vSW5a2kYPgusEdp5k3A3jeZt0Ck+CjYE0 /es/languages/java.min.js
sha384-oQpcUGMBf+VDTHOLQ1uhPp1FgNBo0OZc9gbXGuVFwAogHlkh/Iw6cvKKgcgCQkmV /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-3T8DJ91yCa1//uY9h8Bo4QLrgEtbz4ILN2x9kSM4QWX9/1kKu6UXC3RAbVQV85UQ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-kkjOIVaO1cseOnYgbgXx/sE1dQ95zQmTko63ud4f1DKwHC8QwzKGH2B9N6w2o9/t /es/languages/objectivec.js
sha384-hFyITHOZcjIH+h44SyQkx6EmN8ato2cZ9DaY9N6C7jLs9dNEmZrLKcCKI50zvOSm /es/languages/objectivec.min.js
sha384-BxojDi6ePBYN3unEc6aUEpUtUyx0Eq0i/UZPISuI2YQy6eAD5HzD0dtBC53uZ6R1 /es/languages/php.js
sha384-C28kAnknmyKQUME+2sa0tyQkFMN1S/aUSB1gQ+PKUf0+ewgxNh8CwAmd+C0UUaZ7 /es/languages/php.min.js
sha384-e+d8RFZbtc5Pmt3xfX9uuElm63v5qOj7T5hAkkFbnYc1wEk7wCLlzOsm66MCf5Uk /es/languages/python.js
sha384-CPHh+9FxkWF3OtMZdTj5oQN1Qti0p4/5XBABz/JdgssOKHmfAOFz6Gu4tsG6MQiH /es/languages/python.min.js
sha384-NtjW7lI7c0f4eQUAsyYEvuUEeZPVwqBsisjGqqXls0p3Acc2wX2ppJxBvFC7jet4 /es/languages/r.js
sha384-+SoUnimzbx9Uf3b+zsNgb58sz3J3nRHE7ftjhuB8hvcb3K8D8G0Fe3Bu4lBrA3Fj /es/languages/r.min.js
sha384-Blm/RpTi15HpdenfAja/zwDDJ6bBmIoAsFgHcNpw4u+DqKFZEpB67DIa2A1NXtZf /es/languages/ruby.js
sha384-INdPgGNAH51T3uWXoaYVa0ag70hxlbvjTlhyLicF3SuuG0BVuycs/GrFGi7gt/8a /es/languages/ruby.min.js
sha384-ZX3mm6sjLYWMBTMUJYzvQXYHNWVJkD+t1ppx4BysyVs6cVhvYFVuwMlVCeAwtwm9 /es/languages/sql.js
sha384-DloKeCkj/pTPHeqWu3keGoEPpZJGm44yQjSmSfpWasykAMUobM0hcYFFPsg1PE6K /es/languages/sql.min.js
sha384-BcyijKQAe0oJGoEBf0y/+dTJjKiy4bIAVdjreJw+MiOkPgCEjM/2FY2+W7K6tcEZ /es/languages/typescript.js
sha384-Mfjt0R07QBpLXhGWeCetLw7s2mTQSoXmcyYnfsSNq4V4YG3FwayBjxod9MxjSB1x /es/languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-BcjZoAx+JfnWI/YaICe1dbsNQwCCBWJKS5uLzyKKMiLTVxBqOIRmaUoiJnYADo0M /es/languages/x86asm.js
sha384-y1FgDrVkuSox/kv/Oib26ZqzunABWyUkirzc4i4sthq8Z7c/ReWp2XA9DCh7MHQh /es/languages/x86asm.min.js
sha384-4SbTAv3AX2fuPCpSv6HW3p07YgA7hFfcwG2zJHtYv0ATIt1juD3IXj2NSYwTeIpm /languages/bash.js
sha384-83HvQQdGTWqnRLmgm19NjCb1+/awKJGytUX9sm3HJb2ddZ9Fs1Bst2bZogFjt9rr /languages/bash.min.js
sha384-WHdxyD51Y+ytDdcYGVkKHQOThUwwhLl/1GvZxHTHL4ImI4NS32L/B8bvB/1zN/Mk /languages/c.js
sha384-jtwnwOYA+K4zYN55fA4z4U0PTK5oEp4RcLYaXkYRKO3UUzge1o21ArmvKmTRdh/d /languages/c.min.js
sha384-M2wpTxQe2N0750xYZ0zTinwbmjsZjdtuS7twUUP2dxtHR0YqhY3JuUFyyhANf9Uy /languages/cpp.js
sha384-/yf54L01PbO6NtVs1Pu9rgfNHbKXanLdNcGVuNa0m5+KiyH+1NpZRDK6idm5VoVl /languages/cpp.min.js
sha384-73x+NDGuWTdFik2BOd5uwmBcikSmR+Qx5AVbJLifM/M0hBbwKToQ45xBWxKYkpgd /languages/csharp.js
sha384-6NsOlZtv7W2iSoDU+Yi+hENfl3MuiECvnl7emdRUvpIpDbLvoCjpAU1fjE6HxIQp /languages/csharp.min.js
sha384-Zc9c8EKPb4/RY6vnZtk/dIUsr3hLRfKyZQYUoYvVCIWuTBJLDjkKoch93fmXrTFr /languages/fortran.js
sha384-4DbMwCqRqcxBersl7bPX3KEVstVtQ9CgGKwlo79Iu61BRrE3O0uHhhoXhuDriGZn /languages/fortran.min.js
sha384-B9Y0sXbhPrwdlpzfeFn4NkyJrhYEUFUCTMrEVRu+d2/3aJ/4ZOjFPJRZFnJdaQJm /languages/go.js
sha384-Mtb4EH3R9NMDME1sPQALOYR8KGqwrXAtmc6XGxDd0XaXB23irPKsuET0JjZt5utI /languages/go.min.js
sha384-fAOcr1krCNXboMwn/cAybBtSHzCLUrlvVfJT4decCiteyOsqee0RnqLS23UiUBNI /languages/haskell.js
sha384-1+L6SezuX8EOUBfYZyp1GMjjPHwIiJhMhRsLebXPt5ItYffwrwQII8OW4Zu/hndV /languages/haskell.min.js
sha384-cZ2d3Mo/jmTF9r2kHWcHmA8hehxX8N44UN6LSkEhaCRe6t8e9ntd5JEuafywm0aw /languages/java.js
sha384-8mc5ynnm3AlnXn8P3ccSqVAaZIDoijPM08/Hp4DABy6GMy7EHCQFwiIUoGAaGJiO /languages/java.min.js
sha384-p/utwvqrRVOLlz0BjJ0BCGCb2liTDipfz47/QmGXz9hoPIjCKYEgmYUC30VmGgZy /languages/javascript.js
sha384-L/XmDiyusXomLRGcRmcBpPlboRFjpQNV747OJvg+sEOpgGYvUsNwcC4JLNQ2dI6O /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-eZQaDnoyMq8nBrMePlILtztnOQzUcfoQmwCDCkCRCqAOwtowxxXuSbXx3QCyDMWi /languages/objectivec.js
sha384-evxKJTmk5AChNAzYM6uh+DVNAm7QCNu2x/OynLEpbH+h/TVMellCIci2K+uvXWID /languages/objectivec.min.js
sha384-swGDgtGOmzrsbFAaQRjzvGs0hhe0N86mfHIuisr3W9AT0hiheGyRORSGrbMDGOw5 /languages/php.js
sha384-Xd0AQIkWCEjBL8BNMtDMGVqFXkf445J6PNUJdXbh334ckjeSa90wtSUjXySuz+rt /languages/php.min.js
sha384-WNah6F2QDUbmrNCi0fSEyKJbSb01S1ijnoiwbDnegW7dm2Cz/H1CiH1HhWlUvj01 /languages/python.js
sha384-YDj7s2Wf0QEwarV3OB8lvoNJJCH032vOLMDo2HDrYiEpQ+QmKN+e++x3hElX5S+w /languages/python.min.js
sha384-as0oqcSBkBCW8JS5FUngtpwqXH0qK8dlfpPE2IYoERAn+MRsJdlb89n/hgKYshzJ /languages/r.js
sha384-u+x0P8zfV33Hs+FIbrPIw38IUbqKyYA1yEdL911mrwtUJxaNJtMOdB2injOcZMmF /languages/r.min.js
sha384-nHCt5/kJd7LUp6BbVLNuUH0zziFVRS2Qqj9whqRpVpgzybI61OZlKQRPv4evHrJO /languages/ruby.js
sha384-LOFdRHZ5u+oZg5Wh8DpkiJQR/w8egcUhJJoo95XVQ846DEwuRxGUujx+tQKyqXme /languages/ruby.min.js
sha384-w/OmtgUvmlKWaVatpcvuEQxP7bkJzI5gLeeQkuXjApJNiQvNmXFL2PBM5RWgKqDr /languages/sql.js
sha384-2uzCjI3OPwJce6i2hphsYs1qqTqRrDnfPXbfjZggPWy2/Lgl8gzV9Hyl0jhhoWy4 /languages/sql.min.js
sha384-4q0Mj1AHSvVdgi6nXDGdkiHZQcme/PcCE+MvwCvnAIZSjhJfk3UpjJU2nn2eImWz /languages/typescript.js
sha384-rfwxAwuWzb2XdSU7HN3IhrSyCq96Nj4p1ZYPCNAGbqtnPsaWl8d5eSypxPbW6alT /languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-9s/ZvqYSxQS2hJrT3LuFUwDyxlWEELd50mRuGXt0zzSwafBqEWPsv9xxNsZUF2W4 /languages/x86asm.js
sha384-cw6YAmvOjrczJAb9NkjJRzsXso0VEJrJsLZl8G49s9vVlIFVwG8cR6K8yvpDlGn5 /languages/x86asm.min.js
sha384-/6cql549k63z92aBfesg2I/bBGqfv+2Pb4JP9MThd7ebyMMRLAi5p6QHZou1ucDw /highlight.js
sha384-0mHEO4vIaC5YY0EDlT0GtHGaKhymN6gopoUh8U7sCUm90ZAGOsxfffijTOWps7mO /highlight.min.js
```

